README.md, before:

# ABOUT

An (un)balanced mod based on random suggestions from smash Twitter. Your main could be fun as hell now. Or a lot worse. Or maybe just completely broken! I'm mainly doing this to familiarise myself with Ultimate modding in case I ever want to do something seriously in the future.

# CHANGELOG

Written in alphabetical order as I cba to look up roster order by the way

## Key

- [*] = not showcased on my twitter (this label is mainly for myself)
- [!] = overtuned change that definately unbalances the character
- [?] = rekits the move, it could be better or worse as its functionality has fundementally changed


## Changes


Game and Watch
- Down tilt now hits aerial opponents (and resultingly opponents on the ledge) [*]

Ganon
- Nair now sends at a downwards angle [?]

Ike
- Fair reverted to brawl knockback [!]
- Up air and bair have damage increases
- Up special now has frame 1 super armour (dont ask) [!]

Kazuya
- Frame 3 jumpsquat

Mewtwo
- Shadow ball now spikes

Sonic
- Nair now buries grounded opponents [!]

Commit message:

Nair changes (idk if this will break the move ngl)

README.md, after:

# ABOUT

An (un)balanced mod based on random suggestions from smash Twitter. Your main could be fun as hell now. Or a lot worse. Or maybe just completely broken! I'm mainly doing this to familiarise myself with Ultimate modding in case I ever want to do something seriously in the future.

# CHANGELOG

Written in alphabetical order as I cba to look up roster order by the way

## Key

- [*] = not showcased on my twitter (this label is mainly for myself)
- [!] = overtuned change that definately unbalances the character
- [?] = rekits the move, it could be better or worse as its functionality has fundementally changed


## Changes




Ganon
- Nair now sends at a downwards angle [?]

Ike
- Fair reverted to brawl knockback [!]
- Up air and bair have damage increases
- Up special now has frame 1 super armour (dont ask) [!]

Kazuya
- Frame 3 jumpsquat

Mewtwo
- Shadow ball now spikes

Sonic
- Nair now buries grounded opponents [!]

Zelda
- Reworked jab to basically combo into whatever you want [!]
- Nair buffed (?) I hope to possibly lead into dragdowns?
